#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_data.in
#
affine==2.3.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   rasterio
aiohttp==3.7.4.post0
    # via gcsfs
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via geocube
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
azfs==0.2.14
    # via -r requirements_data.in
azure-common==1.1.27
    # via azure-cosmosdb-table
azure-core==1.19.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   azure-storage-queue
azure-cosmosdb-nspkg==2.0.2
    # via azure-cosmosdb-table
azure-cosmosdb-table==1.0.6
    # via azfs
azure-identity==1.7.0
    # via azfs
azure-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via azure-cosmosdb-nspkg
azure-storage-blob==12.9.0
    # via
    #   azfs
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
azure-storage-file-datalake==12.5.0
    # via azfs
azure-storage-queue==12.1.6
    # via azfs
bokeh==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_data.in
    #   dask
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   httplib2shim
    #   msrest
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via cryptography
cftime==1.5.1
    # via netcdf4
chardet==4.0.0
    # via aiohttp
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   azfs
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   fiona
    #   geocube
    #   rasterio
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cloudpickle==2.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
colorcet==2.0.6
    # via datashader
cryptography==35.0.0
    # via
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-queue
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
dask[array,complete,distributed]==2021.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_data.in
    #   datacube
    #   datashader
    #   distributed
    #   spatialpandas
    #   xarray-spatial
datacube==1.8.5
    # via geocube
datashader==0.13.0
    # via xarray-spatial
datashape==0.5.2
    # via datashader
decorator==5.1.0
    # via gcsfs
distributed==2021.9.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   xarray-spatial
earthengine-api==0.1.286
    # via -r requirements_data.in
fiona==1.8.20
    # via geopandas
fsspec==2021.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_data.in
    #   azfs
    #   dask
    #   gcsfs
    #   spatialpandas
future==0.18.2
    # via earthengine-api
gcsfs==2021.10.1
    # via -r requirements_data.in
gdal==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements_data.in
geocube==0.0.18
    # via -r requirements_data.in
geopandas==0.10.2
    # via geocube
google-api-core==1.31.3
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==1.12.8
    # via earthengine-api
google-auth==1.35.0
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via gcsfs
google-cloud-core==2.1.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==1.42.3
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.3.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.0.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via google-api-core
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
heapdict==1.0.1
    # via zict
httplib2==0.20.1
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   httplib2shim
httplib2shim==0.0.3
    # via earthengine-api
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.8.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   sqlalchemy
isodate==0.6.0
    # via msrest
jinja2==3.0.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
jsonschema==4.1.2
    # via datacube
lark-parser==0.12.0
    # via datacube
llvmlite==0.37.0
    # via numba
locket==0.2.1
    # via partd
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
msal==1.15.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==0.3.0
    # via azure-identity
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via distributed
msrest==0.6.21
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   azure-storage-queue
multidict==5.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multipledispatch==0.6.0
    # via datashape
munch==2.5.0
    # via fiona
netcdf4==1.5.7
    # via datacube
numba==0.54.1
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   spatialpandas
    #   xarray-spatial
numpy==1.20.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   cftime
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   datashader
    #   datashape
    #   netcdf4
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   rasterio
    #   scipy
    #   snuggs
    #   spatialpandas
    #   xarray
    #   xarray-spatial
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   geocube
    #   google-api-core
    #   rioxarray
pandas==1.3.4
    # via
    #   azfs
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   datashader
    #   geopandas
    #   spatialpandas
    #   xarray
    #   xarray-spatial
param==1.11.1
    # via
    #   colorcet
    #   datashader
    #   pyct
    #   spatialpandas
    #   xarray-spatial
partd==1.2.0
    # via dask
pillow==8.4.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   datashader
    #   xarray-spatial
portalocker==1.7.1
    # via msal-extensions
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psutil==5.8.0
    # via distributed
psycopg2==2.9.1
    # via datacube
pyarrow==5.0.0
    # via spatialpandas
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyct==0.4.6
    # via
    #   colorcet
    #   datashader
    #   xarray-spatial
pyjwt[crypto]==2.3.0
    # via msal
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.2.1
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   geocube
    #   geopandas
    #   rioxarray
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   datacube
    #   datashape
    #   pandas
python-snappy==0.6.0
    # via spatialpandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
rasterio @ git+git://github.com/blindjesse/rasterio@az_error
    # via
    #   -r requirements_data.in
    #   datacube
    #   geocube
    #   rioxarray
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   xarray-spatial
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   msrest
retrying==1.3.3
    # via spatialpandas
rioxarray==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_data.in
    #   geocube
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
scipy==1.7.1
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   geocube
shapely==1.7.1
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   geopandas
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   earthengine-api
    #   fiona
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   httplib2shim
    #   isodate
    #   multipledispatch
    #   munch
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
spatialpandas==0.4.3
    # via xarray-spatial
sqlalchemy==1.4.26
    # via datacube
tblib==1.7.0
    # via distributed
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via -r requirements_data.in
toolz==0.11.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   distributed
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   bokeh
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   yarl
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   httplib2shim
    #   requests
xarray==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_data.in
    #   datacube
    #   datashader
    #   geocube
    #   rioxarray
    #   xarray-spatial
xarray-spatial==0.2.9
    # via -r requirements_data.in
yarl==1.7.0
    # via aiohttp
zict==2.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.6.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
